I didn't expect it.
In order to participate in this Olympic Poetry Conference
You even got a fake invitation
True or False
It's not something you can decide just by opening your mouth
If you don't believe me
You can call Mr. Yang and ask
You can also call Mr. Yang
Give it
Bitch is hypocritical
Really?
The invitations are all made of fine gold dye
You touch this
The gold dust has fallen off, dare you tell me it's true?
False invitation letter
Simply unforgivable
Liu Huilan, what are you doing?
This is a steady invitation
Why do you want it?
Come on
This goblin
Or was it really handed over to me by Mr. Yao himself?
I don't have time to talk nonsense with you
Throw these bitches out
If you insist on not leaving, you will be dizzy directly.
Especially that little bitch
If you don't obey me, just break his leg for me
Willing to affect the image of our hotel
Liu Huilan, do you still eat people?
Wenwen is your niece
You're going to break his leg?
I don't have a niece like that
Hit me to death
Stop it
Ah, Mr. Yang
Why did you come in person?
Is this group of turtles obstructing your eyes?
Hey, don't worry, I'll be courting death right away.